Add KIC Gateway API and Kubernetes support table (#4531)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: src/kubernetes-ingress-controller/references/version-compatibility.md

## Kubernetes

### General

The following table presents the general compatibility of {{site.kic_product_name}} with specific Kubernetes versions.

> Users should expect all the combinations marked with <i class="fa fa-check"></i> to work, and to be supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users should expect all the combinations marked with <i class="fa fa-check"></i> to work and to be supported
```

> in case of potential bugs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if there are bugs.
```

| Kubernetes 1.24           | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> |
| Kubernetes 1.25           | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> |

### Gateway API

The following table presents the compatibility of {{site.kic_product_name}}'s [Gateway API][gateway-api]

> features with specific Kubernetes minor versions. As {{site.kic_product_name}} implements these features on top of the upstream

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with specific Kubernetes minor versions. As {{site.kic_product_name}} implements Gateway API features in addition to the upstream
```

> project which defines [its own compatibility declarations][gateway-api-supported-versions], the expected compatibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
project, which defines [its own compatibility declarations][gateway-api-supported-versions], the expected compatibility
```

> with specific Kubernetes minor versions. As {{site.kic_product_name}} implements Gateway API features in addition to the upstream
> project, which defines [its own compatibility declarations][gateway-api-supported-versions], the expected compatibility
> of Gateway API features might be limited to those.

Author: @cloudjumpercat I think I misled you here by writing the "implements these features on top of the upstream project" part. What I meant is more "implements these features using the upstream project". "in addition to" is not exactly this. 

```suggestion
with specific Kubernetes minor versions. As {{site.kic_product_name}} implements Gateway API features using the upstream
project, which defines [its own compatibility declarations][gateway-api-supported-versions], the expected compatibility
of Gateway API features might be limited to those.
```

> | {{site.kic_product_name}} |            2.1.x            |            2.2.x            |            2.3.x            |            2.4.x            |            2.5.x            |            2.6.x            |            2.7.x            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| KIC Gateway API |            2.1.x            |            2.2.x            |            2.3.x            |            2.4.x            |            2.5.x            |            2.6.x            |            2.7.x            |
```

Reviewer 2: @czeslavo Is my change accurate? It just felt like this was referring to only KIC Gateway API compatibility with Kubernetes.

Author: The whole matrix describes KIC's Gateway API compatibility with Kubernetes versions, but I think that the name used here should be left as `{{site.kic_product_name}}` as it refers to the exact versions of our product.

| Kubernetes 1.22           | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> |
| Kubernetes 1.23           | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> |
| Kubernetes 1.24           | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> |
| Kubernetes 1.25           | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> | <i class="fa fa-check"></i> |

> For specific Gateway API resources support, please refer to our [Gateway API Support][gateway-api-support] page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For specific Gateway API resources support, please refer to the [Gateway API Support][gateway-api-support] page.
```
